A Digital Guide to Archival Perfumery and Medicial Mixtures
This file displays contents from page 99 to page 111 in Druggist's Handbook. The ingredients, recipes and instructions for making certain drugs are included and some uncommon ingredients are noted. References attached in appendix.
The Druggist's Handbook of Private Formulas was published in 1882 by John H. Nelson.The text is crafted for druggists and readers interested in preparing medicines by providing formulas. While adopting a highly scientific form, its recipe-style presentation also enhances accessibility for laypeople to duplicate. The original version has undergone revisions and has been republished in recent years, with various editions released between 2008 and 2020. However, without access to these newer versions, it remains unclear whether the original content has been modernized or retained in its original form.

We aim to broaden the accessibility of the book to include medical or pharmaceutical students and science teachers interested in the teaching of how to make medicines. The specific section we plan to enhance runs from page 100, Sachet Powders, to page 111, Drops, encompassing the preface and serving as the transition from perfumes to proprietary medicines. While preserving the original recipe style in the digital edition, our focus is on providing more comprehensive explanations for terminologies by modernizing the text through adding contemporary meaning or explanations.

The object of this little volume is to place before every druggist reliable formulas for preparing well-kown medicines not given in the U.S. Dispensatory or Pharmacopoeia. These preparations Exlixirs, Emulsions, Medicated Syrups and Wines, etc.have become so universal that there is scarcely a druggist within the length and breadth of the land who does not have more or less sale for them; and to be enabled to prepare them is not only a source of satisfaction, but is also very desirable on account of the increase of profits.

In the other respective departments the dormulas will be found to be reliable, and can be depended upon. In fact, all the formulas contained in the work are "practical." They have been prepared again and again, and never failed to produce the desired result if carefully com- pounded.

The weights and measures used in the formulas are those adopted by the Pharmaceutical Association (they will be found in the Appendix to this work). The fluidounce is to be considered, 11 not otherwise directed, and the pound is always to be understood as consisting of twelve ounces. The directions for maceration or displacement, percolation, specific gravity, with other general information, being so plaintly set forth in the U.S. Dispensatory at the beginning of Part Second of that work, it is unnecessary to produce them here.
